Baroninho is a young Minas Gerais director who has demonstrated a great
creative force
through the first artistic confraternity of worshipers holds
he has independently performed several films that fell every day
but it is always in the national festivals
he talked to reporters joão carvalho
in today's general framework check
looks at a metalinguistic short story basement Friday
this short I did still by the faculty of scenic arts
and it was a short so the idea is we did not have many resources
a lot of equipment too uncle
so I already wrote the movie writes for two of my friends in my room
your social internet
I wrote about ordering and it's a way
filmmaking and production was very funny because
it takes six photos
the role that a great friend of my knowledge is
ten years nine years we are best friends so dani men also that the
people together and marconi
so the scene just a gang of friends along with my father and my mother doing
production
I myself am very
cool 'so very small eric after winning
that was once
about a year after we had done
metalinguistic short film was once the people
iran had done it was not once because
We ended up filming
recording a little about ajapra kubango before and we recorded people badly
that we have some grandchildren adored difficult defenses
the cities affected 24 9%
he looks for credit should hit the mayor with the problem
takes a long time to be finalized we recorded all the sectors
Patricia was crazy what we want is that we totally made their
relatives also after having expired the pope greeted 35
and it was recorded and that a bus garage
and a year ended bus battery because it makes idea of ​​the dawn the camera
borrowed was a mess
soon after the GM will have to make an early scene as a member of the Belenenses
took the scene from the movie
looks in fact was only with was once affects more caffeine why
when I close the victims who had already worked so the two short
from other people
after you go to work for once I drive tuition to the direction
more to say of bié then pm can accept this condition after
I just joined as a director.
but the cool thing is that you work and hurt others
because you learn that but now the movie said it's silly
I have worked in several threads doing photo oim of
production that the survey feel that its jump my points that the manager
deny
I think it's really cool to work on people.
because to know that recently when he went to do the seven people have affection for
What are you leading?
just so for the person to have affection for the team for about 130km deep others
people too
I think it's because the rest of the world a big family said
wonderful
bishop of raw material and smoke
with special work
I really like to do the second
with the same actors with the same team
because he had already done the dismissal
in new material
I'm going to work with a new circuit of the actors was
very good they have a strength yes
your presence
have the staff speak that have this information
they are vague
due to this true age factors
is in fact very marked messi very rehearsed
it's wonderful actors
easy to get along with and have professionals
actually a meeting with obama meeting of friends the people I
I have known for a long time that later we are adding more people
it's the hour of truth first of all it's a whole life project
It's a way of making up movies.
with people you like and not always
In this state you have an approved movie and a half right now refuse people
worked hard working on the other
and we settle down very funny because a lot of people when they are going to do
we have created these meetings have more money in one thing I want to hire a
photographer
but experienced everyone has just developed a little ahead
in a certain way
he has some problems but on the other hand it's good that we learn a lot too
we end up doing everything